hello everyone welcome to my home today
is a lovely friday and guess what we're
here to talk about hair but today is
something different I haven't guessed a
guest star my brother so let's bring all
in and give them a great big welcome I
guess I don't get no applause coming
from no crown okay yeah what'swhat's
your name my name is Devon gross okay
but that's great so we're here to talk
about hair of course natural hair okay
and let's just say you're out on the
town you walking down the street and you
see a woman with a fro with some dress
you know any natural hair styled all of
this no no any natural hairstyle and
then you see a woman with a perm you
know straight look now what are your
impressions on that woman with the pro
so am I mainly just looking at the hair
as far as being attracted to him um you
can say that I mean what would do you
feel what was the that feeling that you
have when you see african-american woman
with you know big hair with a pro with
dreadlocks with I'm not I'm not me
personally I'm not a big fan of a woman
with a probar I have seen some sexy
women out there with fros it all depends
on how you wear
they carried itself actually you know as
a as they we're not just the necessary
they look but it has to fit the actual
person so that everybody don't have the
right hand for the right here Scott
right right but do you understand the
real difference between permed hair and
natural hair oh I can I can easily tell
the difference I have to take a closer
look at it because definitely i'm not a
hair guy you know but uh I do know from
my experience have nothing two sisters
so firm here is a lot more straighter
okay so would you ever date a woman with
natural hair we're like would you
approach her I can say they're
definitely here it's not the first thing
I look at one where I am approaching
women but if I had to solely depend my
looks and you know on someone's hair
then I would definitely look for a woman
with straight hair first cuz i prefer
straight I'm not taking anything away
from the natural hair also oh that
that's that's an interesting statement
right there so why do you think women go
natural what do you think that they lean
towards that and stop getting their hair
perm uh I said from our expansion what
I've known when that dating is saying
around friends and everything
I know women like natural hair mainly
because it doesn't feel hard to put that
many chemicals or you know cuz i know i
dunno perm messes up your hair you know
someone new frankston hair part or hair
starts falling now cuz i don't i dunno
heat destroys here that's why a lot of
women don't like to get paid get it you
know going on the dryer for instance
when they get your hair done so so what
you're saying is you you prefer to have
a woman with unhealthy hair and not
healthy hair I want a woman with healthy
hair you know I prefer I prefer women
with nice straight hair as perm that
will be my first suggestion but uh like
I don't discriminate at all but I do
prefer women with
sturdy interesting interesting what what
do you think about your kids you have
yep kids right it's up to little girls
Madison Carla right okay and and how do
you feel about giving them firms I want
to give you well at that particular age
I feel the kids don't uh doesn't need
you know perms and I think that they
here always I'll be natural because it
gives it time to actually grow and
develop i feel that a lot of women that
grew up in a the hair doesn't grow as
90s mostly means because this is my
personal opinion that they as a young
kid their parents who ever done the hair
was always packing a lot of grease and
always putting a lot of stuff and it's
not giving me here actually they hair
follicle is a chance to breathing and
you know get to the National Air but
like I said that's my personal opinion I
don't think my girls actually you know
you know I see everything La mother also
but me personally I say when they get a
paging you know then they let them
decide if they want they are permanent
but did you know that I'm natural hair
it requires a lot of moisture you can't
be dry cuz that's what causes breakage
yeah I know that yeah I didn't know that
and when I when I actually mean like
natural um as far as like I prefer you
know I'm not like I don't do here you
know but I prefer just from things I've
known another
I know a spray you know that Gaza as a
spray other than like big grease monkey
right right right and and then so yeah
yeah yeah so um how how do you feel
about me you know your own sister going
natural um a lot of times you know and I
woke up in the morning I get up you know
and I see you in the house sometimes you
you know just he definitely not
something I would like to get up and
look at in the morning her sake you know
it's for a lot of times I went to lead a
house for a moment sometimes like that
but sometimes your hair is actually is
when it's gone been done is this you
know you looked up pretty good it's just
other times you know I don't know if you
actually go out like that yeah I
wouldn't I wouldn't want you to go out
like patty don't you being my sister
enough but yeah personally I like for
instance your hair analysis is it's
pretty decent and I know that you don't
normally do nothing to your hair well as
far as I can get me done permanent you
do know this is a Libra oh that's weak
well guess you can track their last
which proves my point further as people
have it straight here and naturally but
I have noticed lot with women wear wigs
because they don't wanna necessarily
mess up their natural there that's
called protective styling attractive
styling yes yeah unless the Texas fun
protective styling to protect our hair
while we're trying to get it healthy
whatnot okay